{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13580\viewh18560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COLOR LABELS\
\
OPEN TO PUBLIC - GREEN\
PRIVATE/CLOSED TO PUBLIC - RED\
CONDITIONAL - YELLOW\
UNKNOWN -BLUE\
\
Layout Settings //(Instead of Default) \
You are about to set the preferred layout of Holoholo. You can change this preference at any time in the settings menu. \
\
SCREEN 1 - Go for a walk\
Holoholo in the Hawaiian language means \'93take a leisure stroll.\'94  Our goal is to help you figure out if and when you are allowed to stay in a certain place on the island of O\'92ahu. \
\
\
SCREEN 2 - How it works\

\fs28 We use location information to determine what you are allowed to do there. \
Holoholo is a web application. You can access it anywhere with internet.
\fs24 \
\
\
SCREEN 3 - How it works 2\
We will use your location and show a colored polygon that represents the current state of that location. \
The initial highlighted polygon will always represent your current location. You can tap on any of the displayed polygons to get information about the restrictions in the area. \
\
The for states of the locations are the following: \
\
OPEN TO PUBLIC: GREEN\
PRIVATE / CLOSED TO PUBLIC: RED\
CONDITIONAL: YELLOW\
UNKNOWN: BLUE\
\
\
SCREEN 4 - Private / Closed to public\
The color red represents an area that is private or closed to to the public. \
\
\
\
SCREEN 5 - Conditional\
The yellow polygon represents an area in which the status will change soon. \
\
\
\
SCREEN 6 - Open to Public\
The green polygon represents an area that is open to the public. \
\
\
SCREEN 7 - Unknown\
The blue polygon will be displayed when we are unable to identify the location  or restrictions of an area. \
\
***CLICK NEXT AND TAKE THEM TO THE MAP****\
\
\
\
\
}